[instrumental music]
NARRATOR While journeying
to the Coumarine City Gym
and Ash's fourth
Gym battle challenge
our heroes have stopped
for a little lunch.
Hmm. Hmm. I'm full.
How about a nice
Poké Puff for dessert?
I made plenty for everyone.
[EXCITED]
[gasping]
There's nothing left.
Hey, could it be..
[ANNOYED]
[EMBARRASSED]
SERENA
Oh, no. Not again.
PANCHAM
[ANGRY]
No, Pancham, it's okay.
CHESPIN
[SATISFIED]
PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
‐ Hey, stop fighting.
‐ Stop, Chespin.
What are you doing?
[ANGRY]
SERENA
Listen, both of you..
Don't you remember
you're supposed to be friends?
Now, make up.
[EXERTION]
Hey, all you're doing is just
being plain mean to each other.
Come on!
[ANGRY]
‐ Stop!
[AGITATED]
[REBELLIOUS]
Ch‐Chespin!
Huh?
SERENA
Pancham, what are you doing?
Man, what are you gonna do?
[CONCERNED]
CHESPIN
[EXERTION]/[CONFUSED]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[EXERTION]/[DODGING]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]/[STARTLED]
[ANNOYED]
[UPSET]
What do you think you're doing
to my Pokémon, huh?
‐ There you are!
‐ What's going on?
‐ 'Hey, you!'
‐ Huh?
Are these two ill‐mannered
brats your Pokémon?
They used Tackle on my Pokémon
for no reason.
‐ Forgive me, please?
‐ Sorry.
‐ Pancham, apologize right now.
‐ Chespin, you too.
CHESPIN/PANCHAM
[APOLOGETIC]
What's going on?
SERENA 'Looks like these two
got into more trouble.'
‐ Huh? Sorry.
‐ Whatever, it's fine.
Now, let's keep training
for the Pokémon Showcase.
[gasping]
"Pokémon Showcase?"
I was thinking about
entering as well.
Oh, really?
Huh?
♪ You're just a kid on a quest
to be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH"Pathways To
Performance Partnering!"
NINI 'See, this will be
my very first time.'
Me too!
But I get no feedback
practicing all by myself.
Hey, would you please
watch my performance
and tell me what you think?
SERENA
But I don't really know enough
to judge
someone else's performance.
‐ Don't worry about it.
‐ Well, in that case..
NINI I'd like to hear
what you think too.
‐ Sure.
‐ Okay.
CLEMONT
Alright.
So, these two are your partners?
POKEDEX
Smoochum, the Kiss Pokémon.
'Smoochum's lips
are quite sensitive'
so, it uses them first
to investigate objects.
POKEDEX Farfetch'd,
the Wild Duck Pokémon.
'Farfetch'd uses the stalk it
holds as a weapon'
wielding it like a sword
to cut a variety of objects.
I wonder what their performances
will be like.
NINI
Now, just watch.
Smoochum, you first.
'Powder Snow.'
[POWDER SNOW MOVE]
[HAPPY]
NINI
Next, Farfetch'd.
[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
[PROUD]
[chuckles]
Aah. Smoochum. Heart Stamp.
[HEART STAMP MOVE]
Farfetch'd, Fury Cutter.
[FURY CUTTER MOVE]
[instrumental music]
Fini.
‐ Awesome.
‐ Excellent.
An incredible
Pokémon performance.
Yeah. That was great.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
Oh. And my theme is heartbreak.
[chuckling]
Now, tell the truth.
Is there something I should fix?
SERENA Well, I was thinking
perhaps you could coordinate
their dance
just a teeny tiny bit more.
NINI More coordination on the
dance, right?
ASH I was thinking
it'd be really awesome
if you made that Heart Stamp
a little flashier.
Hmm. The Heart Stamp
[gasps]
Serena!
It would be a really big help
if you could show me
your performance.
Well, honestly, I'm not really
ready to show anyone just yet.
‐ I wanna see it, please?
‐ I'd like to see it too.
Same for me.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
[Serena giggles]
Okay. Ready, Fennekin? Pancham?
[AGREEMENT]
[ANGRY]/[PROUD]
Why is Chespin doing that?
I guess, it still must be trying
to show Pancham up.
PIKACHU
[CONCERNED]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[ANGRY]
Come on. Break it up!
PIKACHU
[ANNOYED]
SERENA
Chespin, would you like to
be in the performance too?
CHESPIN
[AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT
I've got it!
Now, if that's what you want,
then leave everything to me.
'The future is now,
thanks to science.'
'Clemontic Gear, on.'
I've got the perfect machine
for a situation like this.
So, now, presenting my Only
Lonely Dancing Robo‐Partner.
‐ What is it?
‐ My big brother's an inventor.
NINI
Hmm.
Power on.
Okay, Chespin, now you can dance
to your little heart's content.
[NERVOUS]/[SCARED]
[STRUGGLING]
ASH
Wow, science is so amazing.
NINI Clemont's invention
is simply incredible.
[STRUGGLING]/[PANIC]
[PAINED]
‐ 'Uh‐oh.'
‐ 'Something's gone wrong.'
[STRUGGLING]
Clemont. Turn it off.
As soon as I can find
the off button.
‐ Huh?
[explosion]
BONNIE Clemont, looks like
it happened again.
I'm so sorry.
CHESPIN
[DAZED]
PANCHAM
[SATISFIED]
CHESPIN
[ANGRY]
ASH
Good luck, Serena.
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
[sighs]
Let's do this, you two.
FENNEKIN/PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
Go! Now, Fennekin,
use Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[IMPRESSED]
[PROUD]
[chuckles]
[EXERTION]
[EXCITED]
Pokémon Showcase practicing?
[chuckles]
A waste of time.
Without batting an eyelash,
I will have earned
the title of Kalos Queen
with the greatest of ease.
Now, Look. That's a Smoochum.
Um. Look at those lips.
They're the cutest of cuteness.
So, we'll catch Smoochum
and then we'll win
the Pokémon Showcase together.
What happened
to going after Pikachu?
First things first.
Catching Smoochum
is tops on my to‐do list
and then Pikachu will follow.
'One look at my lilting
loveliness will prove'
that there's only
one performer qualified
to earn the hallowed title
of Kalos Queen.
It's meant to be.
The sooner you accept that fact,
the sooner the world will see.
‐ Whoopee.
By snatching that Smoochum,
I'll take my first royal step.
Yeah, bet it's a doozy.
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Alright, Fennekin,
use Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[all gasping]
[Serena chuckles]
And fini.
Yeah! Wow, Serena,
that was awesome.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
‐ We loved it.
‐ It was super‐good.
But I kind of felt like
Pancham's acrobatics
didn't quite fit with
the rest of the performance.
Really?
Pancham's movements were swift
and strong, but how do I say it?
They don't seem to mesh with
what you and Fennekin are doing.
I'll have to think about that.
[FLIRTY]
PANCHAM
[SURPRISED]/[SHOCKED]
Smoochum, what's going on?
Do you have a crush on Pancham?
SERENA
Really? On Pancham?
I think they make a cute couple.
The two of them are so sweet.
‐ "Couple?"
‐ Mm‐hmm.
Maybe the two of them
should dance together.
SERENA
Uh, maybe..
Alright, let's go!
[TENTATIVE]/[EXERTION]
[gasping]
[EXERTION]
[PROUD]
[applause]
That was pretty good.
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
You two were wonderful.
Just like I thought you'd be.
SMOOCHUM
[HAPPY]
What do you think
about trading your Pancham
for one of my Pokémon?
Did you say "Trade?"
PANCHAM
[SHOCKED]
SMOOCHUM/FARFETCH'D
[BESOTTED]/[PANIC]
NINI
'Well, how about it?'
Uh..
SERENA
'But..'
[ANGRY]/[STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT
'Hey!'
CHESPIN
[STARTLED]
Chespin, will you cut it out?
[SURPRISED]
SERENA
Sorry, Nini.
You see, Pancham was the very
first Pokémon I ever caught.
And Pancham's gonna be
my performance partner.
NINI
'Oh, well, too bad.'
PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[BRASSY]/[OUTRAGEOUS]
[RELIEVED]
But watching
the two of them perform
I understand how important
dance choreography is.
NINI
Yup, it's true.
[gasping]
‐ Huh?
‐ Uh?
JAMES
'Well, not too bad, I guess.'
[chuckles]
So, you kids interested
in Pokémon performance?
‐ Huh?
‐ Yes, we are.
JAMES
Perfecto.
Meet La Grande Dame Brulee,
cream of the choreographer crop.
Choreographer crop?
She's choreographed countless
Pokémon performances.
And created dozens of queens.
‐ Or more.
‐ Awesome!
En route to my next job,
I saw dancing Pokémon
out of the corner of my eye.
So, here I am.
Uh, we're struggling
with the choreography
for our next performance,
so, could you help us?
Ah! To be totally honest,
La Grande Dame Brulee
is anything but cheap.
It's for free.
I just love
helping performance newbies.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Smoochum.
[EXCITED]
SERENA 'Oh, this could be
our big chance!'
NINI 'We'll get
all sorts of great tips.'
Hmm. Aw. Such a cutie.
Being exposed
to those precious lips
and saucer eyes
makes me turn to mush.
‐ Don't forget the choreography.
‐ Uh?
Ah. Yes, you're right.
Rule one,
whatever moves you use
move them with style. Capeesh?
Basic rules are the best rules.
MEOTH
And how.
PANCHAM
[ANNOYED]
You wanna learn too?
Then let's all pay attention.
PANCHAM
[FOCUSED]
JESSIE
Lift your legs high. Right.
Left. Right. Left. Right.
[STRUGGLING]/[PANIC]
'Right. Left.'
Now, twist your body
to the right and left.
And it's right. And left.
SMOOCHUM
[PANIC]
Right.
[panting]
‐ Okay, now, bring it.
‐ Voila.
Next I'll have you dance
inside this balloon.
By working in a small space
your movements
become more economical.
SERENA
Oh, I see.
PIKACHU
[CONCERNED]
Climb in quickly, before
our teaching aid deflates.
CHESPIN
[EXERTION]
PANCHAM
FENNEKIN/SMOOCHUM/FARFETCH'D
[EXERTION]
‐ Now.
‐ Ten‐four.
[SURPRISED]
JAMES/MEOWTH/JESSIE
And that's how it's done.
[PANIC]/[FRANTIC]
[gasps]
What's happening?
Hold on! I thought
we were having a lesson.
[sneering]
Prepare for trouble,
a lesson it is.
And make it double.
You're in the wrong biz.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of two left feet.
Face it, our footwork
is frightfully neat.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
JESSIE Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
JAMES Surrender now or prepare
for a footloose fight.
Meowth, that's right.
‐ Team Rocket!
‐ Who's that?
CLEMONT Bad people who steal
other people's Pokémon.
NINI 'Did they just steal
our Pokémon?'
The guest Twerp's quick.
‐ Gotta fly.
‐ Buh‐bye‐bye.
See, there's one real queen
and that just happens to be me.
So, go ahead and practice
until your faces turn blue.
Say. That color might
just look fabulous on you.
‐ Come back here, Team Rocket.
‐ Chespin, no.
SERENA
Give Fennekin and Pancham back!
NINI You give back my Smoochum
and Farfetch'd too.
You can have this. Ha!
[gasping]
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh..
[coughing]
[CONCERNED]
‐ Huh? Gone.
‐ What do we do?
Fletchinder, go!
[APPEARING]
ASH
Fletchinder, go up and find
Team Rocket's balloon.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH
Let's go take a look too.
‐ Mm.
‐ Well, that was easy.
‐ 'Peasy.'
MEOWTH 'Some days our gig is
bright, bubbly and breezy.'
CHESPIN
[ANNOYED]/[EXERTION]
PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
FENNEKIN/SMOOCHUM
[STRUGGLING]
FARFETCH'D
[PANIC]
Stop that.
You're rocking the boat.
Or in this case, balloon!
[screaming]
Smoochum, sweetie, come back!
[PANIC]
[PANIC]/[FRANTIC]
[DAZED]
[PAINED]
PANCHAM
[STARTLED]
[FOCUSED]
[DETERMINED]
PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
CHESPIN
[EXERTION]/[DETERMINED]
PANCHAM
[AGITATED]
[ANGRY]/[ANNOYED]
FENNEKIN
[DISGUSTED]/[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]/[PANIC]
[SURPRISED]
[CURIOUS]/[DETERMINED]
PANCHAM
[CURIOUS]
[DETERMINED]
PANCHAM
[SCARED]/[PANIC]
The jig's up.
You're staying put.
‐ The game's over.
‐ It's quittin' time.
[DETERMINED]
[FOCUSED]/[FRANTIC]
[AGITATED]/[EXERTION]
‐ What are they jabbering about?
‐ You know.
MEOWTH "Leave it to me,
I'll do it," "No, I'll do it."
Dumb stuff like that.
[yawns]
Hmm.
Use Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PANIC]
[PAINED]
[SHOCKED]
FENNEKIN
[CONCERNED]
Pumpkaboo, use Shadow Ball.
[FOCUSED]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[DODGING]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
FENNEKIN
[PAINED]
[WEAK]
[WORRIED]
Don't you remember
you're supposed to be friends?
Now, make up.
[FLABBERGASTED]
Hey, all you're doing is just
being plain mean to each other.
Come on!
[FLABBERGASTED]
[FOCUSED]
[DETERMINED]
FENNEKIN
[SURPRISED]
Please.
What are you two going to do?
Argue us to sleep?
Use Dark Pulse.
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[DODGING]
[EXERTION]
[CONFUSED]
CHESPIN
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[PAINED]
CHESPIN
[CONFIDENT]
[SUPPORTIVE]
[EXCITED]
Yippee. Aren't we pleased
with ourselves?
Inkay, use Tackle.
[TACKLE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
CHESPIN
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
Now, Psybeam!
INKAY/PANCHAM
[PSYBEAM MOVE]/[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[GRATEFUL]
[HAPPY]
Alright, Leech Seed.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
CHESPIN
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[GRATEFUL]/[HAPPY]
ASH
'You all okay?'
CHESPIN
[SURPRISED]
[STARTLED]
‐ The Twerps!
‐ Fennekin.
‐ Farfetch'd.
‐ Where's Pancham?
‐ Chespin, are you okay?
PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[CONFIDENT]
No! I knew these bores
would show up sooner or later.
Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[gasping]
[DETERMINED]/[DODGING]
PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
CHESPIN
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
PUMKABOO/PANCHAM
[STRUGGLING]/[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Pancham and Chespin
are battling like a team.
Pancham, that's great.
Way to go, Chespin. Yes!
[DAZED]/[ANGRY]
INKAY
[DETERMINED]
Are you ready for this, Pancham?
Ready, Chespin?
Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Pin Missile, go.
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[whimpering]
[screaming]
[groaning]
Okay, Pikachu, Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[whimpering]
[explosion]
No! My cute, little
Smoochum‐woochum gone.
Such behavior
not befitting a queen.
‐ In her dreams.
‐ Yeah?
Well, this queen is not going to
give up her performance throne.
‐ Talk is cheap.
‐ Yours is the cheapest.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blastin' off again!
Oh, I'm so glad everyone's okay.
Yeah, you really saved the day.
Great job. What a team.
You really work well together.
Yeah, you two really
were friends all along.
PIKACHU
[PROUD]
[ANGRY]
‐ Oh, man.
‐ I told you.
Stop the fighting already!
PIKACHU
[ANNOYED]
This instant!
Fighting a lot just proves
they're great friends.
[instrumental music]
‐ Nini? So I'll see you later?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
Seeing the way Smoochum and
Pancham put their true feelings
into their dance, taught me
a lot about Pokémon performance.
I hope you compete
in a Pokémon Showcase soon.
And then,
you and I will be rivals.
‐ Yeah. And I'll beat you.
‐ Take care.
Good luck with all
your Pokémon performance work.
‐ Bye!
‐ Bye. Thanks.
Keep in touch, everybody.
PANCHAM/FENNEKIN
[SURPRISED]
Keep up the good work.
We'll keep practicing and enter
the Pokémon Showcase for real.
[HAPPY]
[chuckles]
NARRATOR A chance meeting with a
new Pokémon performance rival
has made Serena's desire
to enter the next
Pokémon Showcase even stronger.
And so, with hopes and dreams
burning brighter than ever
our heroes' journey continues.
[theme music]